ENH: Clarify procedure for interrupted scans (#230)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-collection/scanning-notes.md

    ![adjustFOV.jpg](../assets/images/adjustFOV.jpg)

> ### Interrupted scan

Author: ```suggestion
### Repeat scan
```

> - [ ] In case, you have to interrupt a sequence because a problem occured (e.g your participant fell asleep, the physiological recordings did not start etc.), click right on the sequence that needs to be restarted and click on `Repeat` to restart the scan **without changing anything in its name!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] In case, you have to interrupt a sequence because a problem occured (e.g your participant fell asleep, the physiological recordings did not start etc.), right click on the sequence that needs to be restarted and click on `Repeat` to restart the scan **without changing anything in its name!**
```

> - [ ] In case, you have to interrupt a sequence because a problem occured (e.g your participant fell asleep, the physiological recordings did not start etc.), right click on the sequence that needs to be restarted and click on `Repeat` to restart the scan **without changing anything in its name!**

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] In case, you have to interrupt a sequence because a problem occured (e.g your participant fell asleep, the physiological recordings did not start etc.) or you have to repeat a sequence because the image was of bad quality, right click on the sequence that needs to be restarted and click on `Repeat` to restart the scan **without changing anything in its name!**
```

> - [ ] In case, you have to interrupt a sequence because a problem occured (e.g your participant fell asleep, the physiological recordings did not start etc.) or you have to repeat a sequence because the image was of bad quality, right click on the sequence that needs to be restarted and click on `Repeat` to restart the scan **without changing anything in its name!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] If you have to interrupt a sequence because a problem occurred (e.g., the participant fell asleep, the stimuli were not adequately started, etc.), or you have to repeat a sequence because the image was of low quality, right click on the sequence that needs to be restarted and click on *Repeat* to restart the scan **without changing anything in its name!**
```
